
 
 
View in Browser
 
Lee Health Foundation logo
 
 
Dear Ethan, 

We are very thankful for your connection to Lee Health and Lee Health Foundation. Your support truly makes a difference in all we do as we continue working to meet our community’s health care needs.

Whether you’re a volunteer, donor or Legacy Society member, we hope you’ll find the articles below of interest. The act of simply filling in a space on a form can make a tremendous difference for you and those you care deeply about.

As we approach the holiday season, please accept our thanks and appreciation for all you do. Your actions, both small and large, have a tremendous positive impact upon others.

With much thanks,
 

Ken Shoriak
System Director
Lee Health Foundation
239-343-6053
﻿Ken.Shoriak@LeeHealth.org
 
 
Woman wearing gray sweater and turquoise socks sit on couch while working on laptop.
Unleash Your Power Using a Simple Tool
 
It’s the little things that often make the biggest impact, like writing down the name of a person and/or a nonprofit. Find out where you should do this and what happens when you do.
 
Read More
 
 
Three generations of family share a laugh as they embrace bearded man in glasses.
Do I Need a Trust?
 
Maybe! Learn when you should consider setting one up, as well as what goes in one and who should manage it.
 
Read More
 
 
Woman in orange shirt writes in notebook next to open laptop in brightly lit room.
Begin Your Legacy Now
 
Want to see the impact you can make on Lee Health? You don’t have to wait. Combine a gift today with an estate gift for the future and watch great things happen.
 
Read More
 
 
Protect Your
Assets
Deepen Your
Connection
 
 
I'm Here to Help
 
Ken Shoriak
239-343-6053
Ken.Shoriak@LeeHealth.org
 
 
More Information
 
Protect Your Pets After You Are Gone
What's New?
 
 
 Facebook
Twitter
 
YouTube
 
Lee Health Foundation
9800 South HealthPark Drive, Suite 405
Fort Myers, FL 33908

Lee Health Foundation respects your online time and privacy. If you no longer wish to receive this planned giving eNewsletter, please click unsubscribe.
Privacy Policy | HIPAA
 
 
