FYI

Ravi Mukkamala 
Professor and Chair 
Old Dominion University 
Department of Computer Science 
Engineering & Computational Sciences Building 
4700 Elkhorn Avenue 
Suite 3300 
Norfolk, VA 23529 
757-683-7724 
rmukkama@odu.edu 
http://www.cs.odu.edu/~mukka 


 
CONFIDENTIALITY NOTICE:  The information in this communication is intended to be confidential to the Individual(s) and/or Entity to whom it is addressed.  It may contain information of a Privileged and/or Confidential nature, which is subject to Federal and/or State privacy regulations.  In the event that you are not the intended recipient or the agent of the intended recipient, do not copy or use the information contained within this communication, or allow it to be read, copied or utilized in any manner, by any other person(s). Should this communication be received in error, please notify the sender immediately either by response e-mail or by phone, and permanently delete the original e-mail, attachment(s), and any copies 

From: Jones, Ashley <Ashley.Jones@norfolk.gov>
Sent: Wednesday, November 13, 2024 4:00 PM
Subject: City of Norfolk - Summer 2025 Internship Opportunity
 
EXTERNAL to ODU: This email is not from an ODU account. Do not click links or open attachments unless you recognize the sender and know the content is safe.
Summer 2025 Internship Opportunity
 
The City of Norfolk Executive Internship Program is a ten-week program that provides work-based learning opportunities for undergraduate and graduate students with a desire to work in local level government. The competitive internship program is designed to offer students the opportunity to gain practical work experience, develop a professional network, and apply the knowledge gained in the classroom. Interns are placed in a department that best fits their field of study and career interest. The program allows students to make important contributions to the City through meaningful hands-on work assignments and projects. Interns are afforded professional development and networking opportunities through a variety of events and workshops that allow students to connect with various corporate interns and summer associates working in Norfolk. Students gain insight into the functions, operations and public policies of municipal government that will better prepare them for a rewarding future career in local government.
 
The Executive Internship Program is a ten-week paid program beginning May 2025 – July 2025. Interns are required to commit up to 40 hours per week and be available to work the duration of the internship period.
 
8:30AM – 5:00PM, Monday through Friday; hours may vary by department.
 
Program Dates: May 19 – July 25, 2025
 
Hiring Salary: $17.00
 
Preferred Majors: Business, Human Resources, Safety, Education, Public Administration, Human Services, Social Work, Sociology, Community Relations, Civil Engineering, Structural Engineering, Mechanical/Electrical Engineering, Construction Engineering, Business Administration, Information Technology, Cybersecurity, Geography, Geology, Computer Science, Engineering, Geo-Science field, Historic Preservation, Architecture, History, GIS, Planning, Urban Studies, Graphic Design, Economics, Finance, Criminal Justice, Information Security, Sociology, Security Management, Criminology, Forensic Science, Data Analytics, Information Systems, Management, English, Biology, Chemistry, Environmental Science, Planning, Political Science, Construction Management, Architectural Drafting, Civil Engineering Technology, Community Development, Economic Development, Diversity, Equity and Inclusion, Museum or Library Studies, Graphic Arts, Communications, Advertising, Event Management, Graphic Art, Communications, Marketing, Parks, Recreation & Tourism Management, Sports Management, Physical Education, Exercise Science, Education, Biology or environmental related field. 
 
Education/Experience
Currently enrolled in a degree-granting program of study at Norfolk State University, Old Dominion University, Virginia Wesleyan University, or Tidewater Community College OR be a resident of Norfolk, attending a college or university outside of Norfolk.
Norfolk residents attending a college or university outside of Norfolk must provide proof of residency.
Applicants must be a junior, senior, or graduate-level student at the time of application and be in good academic standing.
Community college students must have completed at least one semester and 12 credit hours towards a degree. Applicants must have completed at least 6 credit hours in science, mathematics, engineering, technology, or course areas directly related to the program of study or internship at the time of application.
Students graduating before the start of the program (Spring 2025) are eligible to apply.
Undergraduate students must have a cumulative GPA of 2.7 or higher on a 4.0 scale. 
Graduate students must have a cumulative GPA of 3.0 or higher on a 4.0 scale.
Be able to work up to 40 hours per week and available to work the duration of the internship period.
US citizenship or legally authorized to work in the U.S.
A desire to work in public service at the local level.
 
Additional Information & Requirements
Attach a letter of recommendation from an academic professor.
Attach a current resume showcasing prior work and/or volunteer experience, relevant coursework, extracurricular activities, awards, or recognition.
Attach most recent transcript.
Attach a personal statement.
All participants 18 years of age or older are required to complete a background check.
 
The position is listed as Executive Intern (Municipal Intern II) on the City’s job site. The deadline to apply for the City of Norfolk’s Executive Internship Program is January 26, 2025.
 
 
 
2025 Executive Internship Flyer.pdf