Dear Colleagues:
ODU remains committed to the goal of ensuring that we offer a diverse, welcoming, and supportive environment for faculty and staff.  As part of this goal, we are striving to recruit and retain more diverse faculty. 

The COS diversity committee is led by Debbie Waller.  The members of the committee are listed on the website. The committee has developed guidelines for the diversity advocate (DA), appointed as part of every faculty search committee. The DA helps to ensure that the search committee conducts a fair and equitable search by writing a job ad that is not unnecessarily restrictive, distributing the ad widely, creating an unbiased screening matrix for candidate evaluation, selecting a diverse group of candidates, and formulating effective interview questions. The department chair appoints the DA as soon as the search committee is convened; both the search committee chair and the DA should review the guidelines. The DA receives extra training by completing three training modules.

COS also promotes an inclusive environment through mentorship programs. The 2023 COACHE survey revealed that approximately two-thirds of COS faculty consider the mentoring within the department to be effective.  However, the survey also revealed concerns about support for faculty to be good mentors and weakness in satisfaction about mentoring of pre-tenure and associate professors in the department. At a minimum, each COS department should assign mentors to new faculty.  We need to do more to address these issues.

In addition, we offer Topics-Based Resource Mentorship https://www.odu.edu/sci/faculty/topics-based-resource-mentorship where faculty can seek mentors for specific topics including tenure and promotion and grant-writing. Please review the list of topics if you would like to contact one of these mentors. COS seeks additional mentors for this program, and you are encouraged to email Debbie Waller if you would like to serve as a mentor for one or more topics.

The College is also participating in the NSF ADVANCE grant, which emphasizes college-wide mentoring for new faculty, equitable department service assignments, and maintaining a positive departmental climate.  Please complete the ADVANCE climate survey if you have been invited to do it.

Suggestions for ways to support faculty diversity, equity and inclusion are welcome and should be sent to me or to Debbie Waller.

Best Regards,
Gail
Upcoming Events and Deadlines:
Nov. 15, 4 pm:  Science Friday – Speakers Dan Barshis and Balša Terzić (PSB 1100)
Nov. 20:  Sexual Harassment Prevention Training due – see email from Title IX Coordinator on Oct. 16, 2024
Dec. 2: Proposal deadline for Summer Research Fellowship Program (SRFP) application – see attached
Dec. 6, 12 – 2 pm: COS Holiday Party (Big Blue Room)
Dec. 14: Proposal deadline for ONR Summer Faculty Research Program – see attached
Dec. 31: Last day for the CVC Campaign; the deadline for payroll deduction is Dec. 13
_____________________
Gail Dodge
Dean, College of Sciences
Professor of Physics
757-683-3432
gdodge@odu.edu 